# [860. Lemonade Change (Easy)](https://leetcode.com/problems/lemonade-change/)

At a lemonade stand, each lemonade costs `$5`. Customers are standing in a queue to buy from you and order one at a time (in the order specified by `bills`). Each customer will only buy one lemonade and pay with either a `$5`, `$10`, or `$20` bill. You must provide the correct change to each customer so that the net transaction is that the customer pays `$5`.

Note that you do not have any change in hand at first.

Given an integer array `bills` where `bills[i]` is the bill the `i`th customer pays, return _`true` if you can provide every customer with the correct change, or `false` otherwise_.

---
### Example 1:
 - **Input**: `bills = [5,5,5,10,20]`
 - **Output**: `true`
 - **Explanation**:
   - From the first 3 customers, we collect three `$5` bills in order.
   - From the fourth customer, we collect a `$10` bill and give back a `$5`.
   - From the fifth customer, we give a `$10` bill and a `$5` bill.
   - Since all customers got correct change, we output `true`.

### Example 2:
 - **Input**: `bills = [5,5,10,10,20]`
 - **Output**: `false`
 - **Explanation**:
   - From the first two customers in order, we collect two `$5` bills.
   - For the next two customers in order, we collect a `$10` bill and give back a `$5` bill.
   - For the last customer, we can not give the change of `$15` back because we only have two `$10` bills.
   - Since not every customer received the correct change, the answer is `false`.

---
### Constraints:
 - `1 <= bills.length <= 1e5`
 - `bills[i]` is either `5`, `10`, or `20`.

---
## Solution:
### Notes:
 - The number of `tens` will go up if we get a `$10` and go down if we get a `$20`.
 - The number of `fives` will go up if we get a `$5` and down if we get anything else.
 - We also have to give up two `fives` if we run out of `tens` to give as change.

### Javascript:
 - Time: `O(n)`
 - Space: `O(1)`

```js
var lemonadeChange = function(bills) {
    let fives = 0, tens = 0
    for (let bill of bills) {
        if ((tens += (bill === 10) - (bill === 20)) < 0)
            tens++, fives -= 2
        if ((fives += bill === 5 ? 1 : -1) < 0)
            return false
    }
    return true
};
```
