# [1380. Lucky Numbers in a Matrix (Easy)](https://leetcode.com/problems/lucky-numbers-in-a-matrix/)

Given an `m x n` matrix of **distinct** numbers, return _all **lucky numbers** in the matrix in **any** order_.

A **lucky number** is an element of the matrix such that it is the minimum element in its row and maximum in its column.

---
### Example 1:
 - **Input**: `matrix = [[3,7,8],[9,11,13],[15,16,17]]`
 - **Output**: `[15]`
 - **Explanation**: `15` is the only lucky number since it is the minimum in its row and the maximum in its column.

### Example 2:
 - **Input**: `matrix = [[1,10,4,2],[9,3,8,7],[15,16,17,12]]`
 - **Output**: `[12]`
 - **Explanation**: `12` is the only lucky number since it is the minimum in its row and the maximum in its column.

### Example 3:
 - **Input**: `matrix = [[7,8],[1,2]]`
 - **Output**: `[7]`
 - **Explanation**: `7` is the only lucky number since it is the minimum in its row and the maximum in its column.

---
### Constraints:
 - `m == matrix.length`
 - `n == matrix[i].length`
 - `1 <= n, m <= 50`
 - `1 <= matrix[i][j] <= 1e5`
 - All elements in the matrix are distinct.

---
### Hints:
 - Find out and save the minimum of each row and maximum of each column in two lists.
 - Then scan through the whole matrix to identify the elements that satisfy the criteria.

---
## Solution:
### Notes:
 - There can only be one number (or none) that satisfies the requirements for the answer.
 - If we store the max seen in each column so far, we can solve this problem in `O(n * m)` time.
 - We can use a separate array for this, or we could modify the input to get down to `O(1)` space.
 - We can replace each element with the largest number seen so far in that column and flip the sign if it's the working candidate.
 - If there's a negative number in the bottom row, that's the answer.

### Javascript:
 - Time: `O(n * m)`
 - Space: `O(1)`

```js
var luckyNumbers  = function(matrix) {
    let n = matrix.length, m = matrix[0].length, {abs, min} = Math
    for (let i = 0; i < n; i++)
        for (let j = 0, rowMin = min(...matrix[i]); j < m; j++)
            matrix[i][j] = abs(matrix[i - 1]?.[j]) > matrix[i][j]
                ? matrix[i - 1][j]
                : matrix[i][j] === rowMin
                    ? -rowMin
                    : matrix[i][j]
    for (let j = 0; j < m; j++)
        if (matrix.at(-1)[j] < 0)
            return [-matrix.at(-1)[j]]
    return []
};
```
