# [1508. Range Sum of Sorted Subarray Sums (Medium)](https://leetcode.com/problems/range-sum-of-sorted-subarray-sums/)

You are given the array `nums` consisting of n positive integers. You computed the sum of all non-empty continuous subarrays from the array and then sorted them in non-decreasing order, creating a new array of `n * (n + 1) / 2` numbers.

_Return the sum of the numbers from index `left` to index `right` (**indexed from 1**), inclusive, in the new array._ Since the answer can be a huge number return it modulo `1e9 + 7`.

--
### Example 1:
 - **Input**: `nums = [1,2,3,4], n = 4, left = 1, right = 5`
 - **Output**: `13` 
 - **Explanation**: All subarray sums are `1, 3, 6, 10, 2, 5, 9, 3, 7, 4`. After sorting them in non-decreasing order we have the new array `[1, 2, 3, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10]`. The sum of the numbers from index `left = 1` to `right = 5` is `1 + 2 + 3 + 3 + 4 = 13`. 

### Example 2:
 - **Input**: `nums = [1,2,3,4], n = 4, left = 3, right = 4`
 - **Output**: `6`
 - **Explanation**: The given array is the same as example 1. We have the new array `[1, 2, 3, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10]`. The sum of the numbers from index `left = 3` to `right = 4` is `3 + 3 = 6`.

### Example 3:
 - **Input**: `nums = [1,2,3,4], n = 4, left = 1, right = 10`
 - **Output**: `50`

--
### Constraints:
 - `n == nums.length`
 - `1 <= nums.length <= 1000`
 - `1 <= nums[i] <= 100`
 - `1 <= left <= right <= n * (n + 1) / 2`

---
### Hints:
 - Compute all sums and save it in array.
 - Then just go from `left` to `right` index and calculate answer modulo `1e9 + 7`.

---
## Solution:
### Notes:
 - All subarrays starting at `i` will get larger in sum as we move the endpoint further right.
 - Rather tha finding all possible subarray sums first, we can track subarrays starting at each index as they move forward.
 - We can use a **priority queue** to see which one is the best at the current moment, process the value, then increase the size of the subarray by one and reinsert back into the priority queue.
 - This also allows us to only store `n` values at a time and to stop at `right` without going further.

### Javascript:
 - Time: `O(right log n)`
 - Space: `O(n)`

```js
var rangeSum = function(nums, n, left, right) {
    let pq = new MinPriorityQueue(), ans = 0
    for (let i = 0; i < n; i++)
        pq.enqueue(i, nums[i])
    for (let o = 1; o <= right; o++) {
        let {priority: sum, element: i} = pq.dequeue()
        if (o >= left)
            ans = (ans + sum) % 1000000007
        if (++i < n)
            pq.enqueue(i, sum + nums[i])
    }
    return ans
};
```
