# [2976. Minimum Cost to Convert String I (Medium)](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-cost-to-convert-string-i/)

You are given two **0-indexed** strings `source` and `target`, both of length `n` and consisting of **lowercase** English letters. You are also given two **0-indexed** character arrays `original` and `changed`, and an integer array `cost`, where `cost[i]` represents the cost of changing the character `original[i]` to the character `changed[i]`.

You start with the string `source`. In one operation, you can pick a character `x` from the string and change it to the character `y` at a cost of `z` **if** there exists **any** index `j` such that `cost[j] == z`, `original[j] == x`, and `changed[j] == y`.

Return _the **minimum** cost to convert the string source to the string target using **any** number of operations. If it is impossible to convert source to target, return `-1`_.

**Note** that there may exist indices `i`, `j` such that `original[j] == original[i]` and `changed[j] == changed[i]`.

---
### Example 1:
 - **Input**: `source = "abcd", target = "acbe", original = ["a","b","c","c","e","d"], changed = ["b","c","b","e","b","e"], cost = [2,5,5,1,2,20]`
 - **Output**: `28`
 - **Explanation**: To convert the string `"abcd"` to string `"acbe"`:
   - Change value at index 1 from `'b'` to `'c'` at a cost of `5`.
   - Change value at index 2 from `'c'` to `'e'` at a cost of `1`.
   - Change value at index 2 from `'e'` to `'b'` at a cost of `2`.
   - Change value at index 3 from `'d'` to `'e'` at a cost of `20`.
   - The total cost incurred is `5 + 1 + 2 + 20 = 28`.
   - It can be shown that this is the minimum possible cost.

### Example 2:
 - **Input**: `source = "aaaa", target = "bbbb", original = ["a","c"], changed = ["c","b"], cost = [1,2]`
 - **Output**: `12`
 - **Explanation**: To change the character `'a'` to `'b'` change the character `'a'` to `'c'` at a cost of `1`, followed by changing the character `'c'` to `'b'` at a cost of `2`, for a total cost of `1 + 2 = 3`. To change all occurrences of `'a'` to `'b'`, a total cost of `3 * 4 = 12` is incurred.

### Example 3:
 - **Input**: `source = "abcd", target = "abce", original = ["a"], changed = ["e"], cost = [10000]`
 - **Output**: `-1`
 - **Explanation**: It is impossible to convert `source` to `target` because the value at index 3 cannot be changed from `'d'` to `'e'`.

---
### Constraints:
 - `1 <= source.length == target.length <= 1e5`
 - `source`, `target` consist of lowercase English letters.
 - `1 <= cost.length == original.length == changed.length <= 2000`
 - `original[i]`, `changed[i]` are lowercase English letters.
 - `1 <= cost[i] <= 1e6`
 - `original[i] != changed[i]`

---
### Hints:
 - Construct a graph with each letter as a node, and construct an edge `(a, b)` with weight `c` if we can change from character `a` to letter `b` with cost `c`. (Keep the one with the smallest cost in case there are multiple edges between `a` and `b`).
 - Calculate the shortest path for each pair of characters (`source[i]`, `target[i]`). The sum of cost over all `i` in the range `[0, source.length - 1]`. If there is no path between `source[i]` and `target[i]`, the answer is `-1`.
 - Any shortest path algorithms will work since we only have 26 nodes. Since we only have at most `26 * 26` pairs, we can save the result to avoid re-calculation.
 - We can also use Floyd Warshall's algorithm to precompute all the results.

---
## Solution
### Notes:
 - With only 26 possible characters, we can do use **Floyd-Warshall** to calculate the best cost for switching between every two-character pair in `26^3` time.
 - We can cut this down to only `u^3` time, where `u` is the number of unique characters in `original` and `changed`.
 - Iterate through the two strings and if a change is required, but either character is not in our character list, or there's no path between the two, exit.

### Javascript:
 - Time: `O(n + m + u^3)`
 - Space: `O(u^2)`

```js
var minimumCost = function(source, target, original, changed, cost) {
    let n = source.length, cmap = new Map(), cix = 0, ans = 0
    for (let c of original)                                                 // Find unique characters
        cmap.has(c) || cmap.set(c, cix++)
    for (let c of changed)
        cmap.has(c) || cmap.set(c, cix++)
    let m = cmap.size,
        flw = Array.from({length: m}, () => new Uint32Array(m).fill(1e9))
    for (let i = 0, x, y; i < original.length; i++)                         // Floyd-Warshall
        flw[x = cmap.get(original[i])][y = cmap.get(changed[i])]
            = Math.min(flw[x][y], cost[i])
    for (let k = 0; k < m; k++)
        for (let i = 0; i < m; i++)
            for (let j = 0; j < m; j++)
                flw[i][j] = Math.min(flw[i][j], flw[i][k] + flw[k][j])
    for (let i = 0, x, y, xi, yi; i < n; i++)                               // Final check
        if ((x = source[i]) === (y = target[i]))
            continue
        else if (cmap.has(x) && cmap.has(y)
                 && flw[xi = cmap.get(x)][yi = cmap.get(y)] < 1e9)
            ans += flw[xi][yi]
        else
            return -1
    return ans
};
```
