# [1927. Sum Game (Medium)](https://leetcode.com/problems/sum-game/)

Alice and Bob take turns playing a game, with **Alice starting first**.

You are given a string `num` of **even length** consisting of digits and `'?'` characters. On each turn, a player will do the following if there is still at least one `'?'` in `num`:
 - Choose an index `i` where `num[i] == '?'`.
 - Replace `num[i]` with any digit between `'0'` and `'9'`.

The game ends when there are no more `'?'` characters in `num`.

For Bob to win, the sum of the digits in the first half of `num` must be **equal** to the sum of the digits in the second half. For Alice to win, the sums must **not be equal**.
 - For example, if the game ended with `num = "243801"`, then Bob wins because `2+4+3 = 8+0+1`. If the game ended with `num = "243803"`, then Alice wins because `2+4+3 != 8+0+3`.

Assuming Alice and Bob play **optimally**, return _`true` if Alice will win and `false` if Bob will win_.

---
### Example 1:
 - **Input**: `num = "5023"`
 - **Output**: `false`
 - **Explanation**: There are no moves to be made.
   - The sum of the first half is equal to the sum of the second half: `5 + 0 = 2 + 3`.

### Example 2:
 - **Input**: `num = "25??"`
 - **Output**: `true`
 - **Explanation**: Alice can replace one of the `'?'`s with `'9'` and it will be impossible for Bob to make the sums equal.

### Example 3:
 - **Input**: `num = "?3295???"`
 - **Output**: `false`
 - **Explanation**: It can be proven that Bob will always win. One possible outcome is:
   - Alice replaces the first `'?'` with `'9'`. `num = "93295???"`.
   - Bob replaces one of the `'?'` in the right half with `'9'`. `num = "932959??"`.
   - Alice replaces one of the `'?'` in the right half with `'2'`. `num = "9329592?"`.
   - Bob replaces the last `'?'` in the right half with `'7'`. `num = "93295927"`.
   - Bob wins because `9 + 3 + 2 + 9 = 5 + 9 + 2 + 7`.

---
### Constraints:
 - `2 <= num.length <= 1e5`
 - `num.length` is **even**.
 - `num` consists of only digits and `'?'`.

---
### Hints:
 - Bob can always make the total sum of both sides equal in mod 9.
 - Why does the difference between the number of question marks on the left and right side matter?

---
## Solution:
### Notes:
 - `'?'` on opposite sides will offset and cancel out.
 - Bob wins if there are no `'?'`'s and the difference is 0.
 - Alice wins if she goes last.
 - Alice wins if the differance and remaining `'?'`'s are on the same side.
 - Bob can only win if the difference is 9 for every turn he still gets, since he'll be able to match whatever Alice plays.
### Javascript:
 - Time: `O(n)`
 - Space: `O(1)`

```js
var sumGame = function(num) {
    let n = num.length, diff = 0, qs = 0
    for (var i = 0; i < n; i++)
        num[i] === '?' ? qs++ : diff += ~~num[i]
    for (; i < n; i++)
        num[i] === '?' ? qs-- : diff -= ~~num[i]
    return qs ? qs % 2 || diff > 0 === qs > 0 || -diff / qs !== 4.5 : !!diff
};
```
