# [1946. Largest Number After Mutating Substring (Medium)](https://leetcode.com/problems/largest-number-after-mutating-substring/)

You are given a string `num`, which represents a large integer. You are also given a **0-indexed** integer array `change` of length `10` that maps each digit `0-9` to another digit. More formally, digit `d` maps to digit `change[d]`.

You may **choose** to **mutate a single substring** of `num`. To mutate a substring, replace each digit `num[i]` with the digit it maps to in `change` (i.e. replace `num[i]` with `change[num[i]]`).

Return _a string representing the **largest** possible integer after **mutating** (or choosing not to) a **single substring** of `num`_.

A **substring** is a contiguous sequence of characters within the string.

---
### Example 1:
 - **Input**: `num = "132", change = [9,8,5,0,3,6,4,2,6,8]`
 - **Output**: `"832"`
 - **Explanation**: Replace the substring `"1"`:
   - `1` maps to `change[1] = 8`.
   - Thus, `"132"` becomes `"832"`.
   - `"832"` is the largest number that can be created, so return it.

### Example 2:
 - **Input**: `num = "021", change = [9,4,3,5,7,2,1,9,0,6]`
 - **Output**: `"934"`
 - **Explanation**: Replace the substring `"021"`:
   - `0` maps to `change[0] = 9`.
   - `2` maps to `change[2] = 3`.
   - `1` maps to `change[1] = 4`.
   - Thus, `"021"` becomes `"934"`.
   - `"934"` is the largest number that can be created, so return it.

### Example 3:
 - **Input**: `num = "5", change = [1,4,7,5,3,2,5,6,9,4]`
 - **Output**: `"5"`
 - **Explanation**: `"5"` is already the largest number that can be created, so return it.

 ---
 ### Constraints:
 - `1 <= num.length <= 1e5`
 - `num` consists of only digits `0-9`.
 - `change.length == 10`
 - `0 <= change[d] <= 9`

---
### Hints:
 - Should you change a digit if the new digit is smaller than the original?
 - If changing the first digit and the last digit both make the number bigger, but you can only change one of them; which one should you change?
 - Changing numbers closer to the front is always better

---
## Solution:
### Notes:
 - Find first digit where change is better.
 - Continue changing until it's not.

### Javascript:
 - Time: `O(n)`
 - Space: `O(n)`

```js
var maximumNumber = function(num, change) {
    let n = num.length, narr = num.split(""), i = 0
    while (change[num[i]] <= ~~num[i])
        i++
    while (change[num[i]] >= ~~num[i])
        narr[i] = change[num[i++]]
    return narr.join("")
};
```
