# [1947. Maximum Compatibility Score Sum (Medium)](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-compatibility-score-sum/)

There is a survey that consists of `n` questions where each question's answer is either `0` (no) or `1` (yes).

The survey was given to `m` students numbered from `0` to `m - 1` and m mentors numbered from `0` to `m - 1`. The answers of the students are represented by a 2D integer array `students` where `students[i]` is an integer array that contains the answers of the `i`<sup>th</sup> student (**0-indexed**). The answers of the mentors are represented by a 2D integer array `mentors` where `mentors[j]` is an integer array that contains the answers of the `j`<sup>th</sup> mentor (**0-indexed**).

Each student will be assigned to **one** mentor, and each mentor will have **one** student assigned to them. The **compatibility score** of a student-mentor pair is the number of answers that are the same for both the student and the mentor.
 - For example, if the student's answers were `[1, 0, 1]` and the mentor's answers were `[0, 0, 1]`, then their compatibility score is `2` because only the second and the third answers are the same.

You are tasked with finding the optimal student-mentor pairings to **maximize** the **sum of the compatibility scores**.

Given `students` and `mentors`, return _the **maximum compatibility score sum** that can be achieved_.

---
### Example 1:
 - Input: `students = [[1,1,0],[1,0,1],[0,0,1]], mentors = [[1,0,0],[0,0,1],[1,1,0]]`
 - Output: `8`
 - Explanation: We assign students to mentors in the following way:
   - student `0` to mentor `2` with a compatibility score of `3`.
   - student `1` to mentor `0` with a compatibility score of `2`.
   - student `2` to mentor `1` with a compatibility score of `3`.
   - The compatibility score sum is `3 + 2 + 3 = 8`.

### Example 2:
 - Input: `students = [[0,0],[0,0],[0,0]], mentors = [[1,1],[1,1],[1,1]]`
 - Output: `0`
 - Explanation: The compatibility score of any student-mentor pair is `0`.

---
### Constraints:
 - `m == students.length == mentors.length`
 - `n == students[i].length == mentors[j].length`
 - `1 <= m, n <= 8`
 - `students[i][k]` is either `0` or `1`.
 - `mentors[j][k]` is either `0` or `1`.

---
### Hints:
 - Calculate the compatibility score for each student-mentor pair.
 - Try every permutation of students with the original mentors array.

---
## Solution:
### Notes:
 - Create a compatability matrix for each student/mentor combination.
 - Run a backtracking helper to try each permutation and find the best sum.

### Javascript:
 - Time: `O(n * m^2)`
 - Space: `O(m^2)`

```js
var maxCompatibilitySum = function(students, mentors) {
    let n = students[0].length, m = students.length,
        compat = Array.from({length: m}, () => new Uint8Array(m))
    for (let i = 0; i < m; i++)
        for (let j = 0; j < m; j++)
            for (let k = 0; k < n; k++)
                compat[i][j] += students[i][k] === mentors[j][k]
    const backtrack = (i=0, sum=0, used=new Uint8Array(m)) => {
        if (i === m)
            return sum
        let res = 0
        for (let j = 0; j < m; j++)
            if (!used[j]) {
                used[j] = 1
                res = Math.max(res, backtrack(i + 1, sum + compat[i][j], used))
                used[j] = 0
            }
        return res
    }
    return backtrack()
};
```
