# [1969. Minimum Non-Zero Product of the Array Elements (Medium)](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-non-zero-product-of-the-array-elements/)

You are given a positive integer `p`. Consider an array nums (**1-indexed**) that consists of the integers in the **inclusive** range `[1, 2^p - 1]` in their binary representations. You are allowed to do the following operation **any** number of times:
 - Choose two elements `x` and `y` from `nums`.
 - Choose a bit in `x` and swap it with its corresponding bit in `y`. Corresponding bit refers to the bit that is in the **same position** in the other integer.

For example, if `x = 1101` and `y = 0011`, after swapping the 2nd bit from the right, we have `x = 1111` and `y = 0001`.

Find the **minimum non-zero** product of `nums` after performing the above operation **any** number of times. Return _this product **modulo** `1e9 + 7`_.

**Note**: The answer should be the minimum product **before** the modulo operation is done.

---
### Example 1:
 - **Input**: `p = 1`
 - **Output**: `1`
 - **Explanation**: `nums = [1]`.
   - There is only one element, so the product equals that element.

### Example 2:
 - **Input**: `p = 2`
 - **Output**: `6`
 - **Explanation**: `nums = [01, 10, 11]`.
   - Any swap would either make the product 0 or stay the same.
   - Thus, the array product of `1 * 2 * 3 = 6` is already minimized.

### Example 3:
 - **Input**: `p = 3`
 - **Output**: `1512`
 - **Explanation**: `nums = [001, 010, 011, 100, 101, 110, 111]`
   - In the first operation we can swap the leftmost bit of the second and fifth elements.
   - The resulting array is `[001, 110, 011, 100, 001, 110, 111]`.
   - In the second operation we can swap the middle bit of the third and fourth elements.
   - The resulting array is `[001, 110, 001, 110, 001, 110, 111]`.
   - The array product is `1 * 6 * 1 * 6 * 1 * 6 * 7 = 1512`, which is the minimum possible product.

---
### Constraints:
 - `1 <= p <= 60`

---
### Hints:
 - Try to minimize each element by swapping bits with any of the elements after it.
 - If you swap out all the 1s in some element, this will lead to a product of zero.

---
## Solution:
### Notes:
 - The smallest product when value can shift between two numbers is the smallest possible number times the largest possible number.
 - When the array is built, we'll have `2^(p - 1)` of each bit.
 - We can move all those bits to that many numbers, leaving aside enough `1`s to fill the rest.
 - That leaves us `2^(p - 1) - 1` matching sets of `1` and `2^p - 2` with one `2^p - 1` left over.
 - To quickly do powers up to the cap of `60` with a mod, we should use a `powMod` helper to do it in `log p` time.

### Javascript:
 - Time: `O(log p)`
 - Space: `O(1)`

```js
var minNonZeroProduct = function(p) {
    let bp = BigInt(p), bpow = 2n ** bp
    return powMod(bpow - 2n, bpow / 2n - 1n, bpow - 1n)
};

const powMod = (x, y, res=1n, mod=1000000007n) => {
    while (y) {
        if (y % 2n)
            res = res * x % mod
        y >>= 1n, x = x * x % mod
    }
    return Number(res)
};
```
