# [1984. Minimum Difference Between Highest and Lowest of K Scores (Easy)](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-difference-between-highest-and-lowest-of-k-scores/)

You are given a **0-indexed** integer array `nums`, where `nums[i]` represents the score of the `i`th student. You are also given an integer `k`.

Pick the scores of any `k` students from the array so that the **difference** between the **highest** and the **lowest** of the `k` scores is **minimized**.

Return _the **minimum** possible difference_.

---
### Example 1:
 - **Input**: `nums = [90], k = 1`
 - **Output**: `0`
 - **Explanation**: There is one way to pick score(s) of one student:
   - `[90]`. The difference between the highest and lowest score is `90 - 90 = 0`.
   - The minimum possible difference is `0`.

### Example 2:
 - **Input**: `nums = [9,4,1,7], k = 2`
 - **Output**: `2`
 - **Explanation**: There are six ways to pick score(s) of two students:
   - `[9,4,1,7]`. The difference between the highest and lowest score is `9 - 4 = 5`.
   - `[9,4,1,7]`. The difference between the highest and lowest score is `9 - 1 = 8`.
   - `[9,4,1,7]`. The difference between the highest and lowest score is `9 - 7 = 2`.
   - `[9,4,1,7]`. The difference between the highest and lowest score is `4 - 1 = 3`.
   - `[9,4,1,7]`. The difference between the highest and lowest score is `7 - 4 = 3`.
   - `[9,4,1,7]`. The difference between the highest and lowest score is `7 - 1 = 6`.
   - The minimum possible difference is `2`.

---
### Constraints:
 - `1 <= k <= nums.length <= 1000`
 - `0 <= nums[i] <= 1e5`

---
### Hints:
 - For the difference between the highest and lowest element to be minimized, the `k` chosen scores need to be as close to each other as possible.
 - What if the array was sorted?
 - After sorting the scores, any contiguous `k` scores are as close to each other as possible..
 - Apply a sliding window solution to iterate over each contiguous `k` scores, and find the minimum of the differences of all windows.

---
## Solution:
### Notes:
 - Sort the input.
 - Use a sliding window to compare the ends of each `k`-length group of numbers.

### Javascript:
 - Time: `O(n.sort)`
 - Space: `o(n.sort)`

```js
var minimumDifference = function(nums, k) {
    nums.sort((a,b) => a - b)
    let n = nums.length, ans = 1e9
    for (let i = k - 1; i < n; i++)
        ans = Math.min(ans, nums[i] - nums[i - k + 1])
    return ans
};
```
