# [947. Most Stones Removed with Same Row or Column (Medium)](https://leetcode.com/problems/most-stones-removed-with-same-row-or-column/)

On a 2D plane, we place `n` stones at some integer coordinate points. Each coordinate point may have at most one stone.

A stone can be removed if it shares either **the same row or the same column** as another stone that has not been removed.

Given an array `stones` of length `n` where `stones[i] = [x, y]` represents the location of the `i`th stone, return _the largest possible number of stones that can be removed_.

---
### Example 1:
 - **Input**: `stones = [[0,0],[0,1],[1,0],[1,2],[2,1],[2,2]]`
 - **Output**: `5`
 - **Explanation**: One way to remove 5 stones is as follows:
   - Remove stone `[2,2]` because it shares the same row as `[2,1]`.
   - Remove stone `[2,1]` because it shares the same column as `[0,1]`.
   - Remove stone `[1,2]` because it shares the same row as `[1,0]`.
   - Remove stone `[1,0]` because it shares the same column as `[0,0]`.
   - Remove stone `[0,1]` because it shares the same row as `[0,0]`.
   - Stone `[0,0]` cannot be removed since it does not share a row/column with another stone still on the plane.

### Example 2:
 - **Input**: `stones = [[0,0],[0,2],[1,1],[2,0],[2,2]]`
 - **Output**: `3`
 - **Explanation**: One way to make 3 moves is as follows:
   - Remove stone `[2,2]` because it shares the same row as `[2,0]`.
   - Remove stone `[2,0]` because it shares the same column as `[0,0]`.
   - Remove stone `[0,2]` because it shares the same row as `[0,0]`.
   - Stones `[0,0]` and `[1,1]` cannot be removed since they do not share a row/column with another stone still on the plane.

### Example 3:
 - Input: `stones = [[0,0]]`
 - Output: `0`
 - Explanation: `[0,0]` is the only stone on the plane, so you cannot remove it.

---
### Constraints:
 - `1 <= stones.length <= 1000`
 - `0 <= x, y <= 1e4`
 - No two stones are at the same coordinate point.

---
## Solution:
### Notes:
 - Any chain of stones can be removed except for one stone by starting at the end.
 - We don't need to locate the end, we can traverse the chain using a DFS heler to find all connected stones.
 - We'll be able to collect all stones except one per chain, so the answer will be `n - chains`.
 - To avoid rechecking collected stones, we can build row/column maps and remove found stones as we go, clearing our backtrail.

### Javascript:
 - Time: `O(n)`
 - Space: `O(n)`

```js
var removeStones = function(stones) {
    let n = stones.length, xmap = new Map(), ymap = new Map()
    for (let i = 0; i < n; i++) {
        let [x,y] = stones[i]
        xmap.get(x)?.add(i) ?? xmap.set(x, new Set([i]))
        ymap.get(y)?.add(i) ?? ymap.set(y, new Set([i]))
    }
    const dfs = i => {
        if (!stones[i])
            return 0
        let xs = xmap.get(stones[i][0]),
            ys = ymap.get(stones[i][1])
        stones[i] = null, xs.delete(i), ys.delete(i)
        xs.forEach(dfs), ys.forEach(dfs)
        return 1
    }
    return stones.reduce((a,_,i) => a - dfs(i), n)
};
```
