# [3224. Minimum Array Changes to Make Differences Equal (Medium)](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-array-changes-to-make-differences-equal/)

You are given an integer array `nums` of size `n` where `n` is **even**, and an integer `k`.

You can perform some changes on the array, where in one change you can replace **any** element in the array with **any** integer in the range from `0` to `k`.

You need to perform some changes (possibly none) such that the final array satisfies the following condition:
 - There exists an integer `X` such that `abs(a[i] - a[n - i - 1]) = X` for all `(0 <= i < n)`.

Return the **minimum** number of changes required to satisfy the above condition.

---
### Example 1:
 - **Input**: `nums = [1,0,1,2,4,3], k = 4`
 - **Output**: `2`
 - **Explanation**: We can perform the following changes:
   - Replace `nums[1]` by `2`. The resulting array is `nums = [1,2,1,2,4,3]`.
   - Replace `nums[3]` by `3`. The resulting array is `nums = [1,2,1,3,4,3]`.
   - The integer `X` will be `2`.

### Example 2:
 - **Input**: `nums = [0,1,2,3,3,6,5,4], k = 6`
 - **Output**: `2`
 - **Explanation**: We can perform the following operations:
   - Replace `nums[3]` by `0`. The resulting array is `nums = [0,1,2,0,3,6,5,4]`.
   - Replace `nums[4]` by `4`. The resulting array is `nums = [0,1,2,0,4,6,5,4]`.
   - The integer `X` will be `4`.

---
### Constraints:
 - `2 <= n == nums.length <= 1e5`
 - `n` is even.
 - `0 <= nums[i] <= k <= 1e5`

---
### Hints:
 - There are at most `k + 1` possible values of the integer `X`.
 - How do we calculate the minimum number of changes efficiently if we fix the value of `X` before applying any changes?

---
## Solution:
### Notes:
 - Since the numbers in `nums` are limited to `<= k`, this simplifies the possibilities.
 - We can change all numbers in `n` operations.
 - We save 2 changes for for every `x` for any pair of numbers that already match that difference.
 - We save 1 change for every `x` for any pair of numbers that is less than a calculable max difference.
 - We should use a **line sweep** approach to figure out the largest savings.

### Javascript:
 - Time: `O(n + k)`
 - Space: `O(k)`

```js
var minChanges = function(nums, k) {
    let n = nums.length, line = new Int32Array(k + 2)
    line[0] = n / 2
    for (let i = 0; i < n / 2; i++) {
        let a = nums[i], b = nums.at(-i - 1),
            diff = Math.abs(a - b)
        line[diff]++, line[diff + 1]--
        line[Math.max(a, b, k - a, k - b) + 1]--
    }
    let best = 0, curr = 0
    for (let x of line)
        best = Math.max(best, curr += x)
    return n - best
};
```
